DOCKER_SETUP.md, before:

# TravianZ Docker Setup

This Docker Compose setup allows you to run TravianZ without installing PHP, MySQL, or Apache directly on your system.

## Prerequisites

- Docker
- Docker Compose

## Quick Start

1. **Start the application:**
   ```bash
   docker compose up -d
   ```

2. **Access the installer:**
   Open your browser and navigate to:
   ```
   http://localhost:8081/install/
   ```

3. **Configure the installation:**

   When you reach the database configuration step, the form will be **automatically pre-filled** with the correct Docker values:
   - **Hostname:** `db` (Docker service name)
   - **Port:** `3306` (internal MySQL port)
   - **Username:** `travianz`
   - **Password:** `travianz_pass`
   - **Database name:** `travianz`
   - **Prefix:** `s1_` (or your choice)
   - **Type:** MYSQLi

   You can simply accept these defaults and continue with the installation.

   **Note:** Port `3307` is for accessing the database from your host machine (outside Docker), but the web container uses the internal port `3306`.

   For the server URL settings:
   - **Server:** `http://localhost:8081/`
   - **Domain:** `http://localhost:8081/`
   - **Homepage:** `http://localhost:8081/`

4. **Complete the installation:**
   Follow the web installer steps to complete the setup.

5. **Run post-installation cleanup:**
   After the web installation finishes, run the cleanup script:
   ```bash
   docker compose exec web docker-post-install.sh
   ```

   This script will:
   - Remove/rename the install directory
   - Set secure file permissions
   - Configure writable directories for game operations

6. **Access your game:**
   Your game is now ready at:
   ```
   http://localhost:8081/
   ```

## Stopping the Application

```bash
docker compose down
```

## Stopping and Removing Data

To stop the application and remove all data (including the database):
```bash
docker compose down -v
```

## Logs

View web server logs:
```bash
docker compose logs -f web
```

View database logs:
```bash
docker compose logs -f db
```

## Post-Installation Tasks

### Setting Up Cron Jobs (Optional)

TravianZ requires cron jobs for game mechanics like resource generation, troop movements, and building construction. You can set these up in two ways:

**Option 1: Using cron inside the container**
```bash
docker compose exec web bash -c 'echo "* * * * * php /var/www/html/GameEngine/cron.php" | crontab -'
```

**Option 2: Using host cron (recommended)**
Add to your host crontab (`crontab -e`):
```bash
* * * * * docker exec travianz_web_1 php /var/www/html/GameEngine/cron.php
```

### Securing the Admin Panel (Recommended)

The Admin panel at `/Admin` should be protected. You can use Apache's `.htaccess` or configure authentication:

```bash
# Create .htpasswd file inside the container
docker compose exec web htpasswd -c /var/www/html/Admin/.htpasswd admin
```

## Troubleshooting

### Database Connection Issues
Make sure the database service is healthy before accessing the installer:
```bash
docker compose ps
```

The `db` service should show as "healthy" in the status.

### Reinstalling
To reinstall from scratch:
1. Stop the containers: `docker compose down -v`
2. Remove the `var/installed` file if it exists
3. Start again: `docker compose up -d`

## Ports

- **Web Application:** http://localhost:8081
- **MySQL Database:** localhost:3307

## Default Database Credentials

- **Root Password:** `root_password`
- **Database:** `travianz`
- **User:** `travianz`
- **Password:** `travianz_pass`

## Customization

### Changing the Web Port
Edit `docker-compose.yml` and change the web service ports mapping:
```yaml
ports:
  - "8081:80"  # Change 8081 to your desired port
```

### Changing Database Credentials
Edit the environment variables in `docker-compose.yml` for both the `web` and `db` services.

Commit message:

fix(docker): fix install directory rename permission error and add default admin credentials
Fixes permission denied error when installer tries to rename install directory.
Also adds default admin account credentials for easier Docker setup.

Changes:
- Updated docker-entrypoint.sh to set correct ownership on parent directory
- Added default credentials to accounts.tpl (admin/admin/admin@email.com)
- Added default passwords for Multihunter and Support accounts
- Updated DOCKER_SETUP.md with default credentials documentation

Default credentials (for development only):
- Multihunter password: admin
- Support password: admin
- Admin name: admin
- Admin email: admin@email.com
- Admin password: admin

DOCKER_SETUP.md, after:

# TravianZ Docker Setup

This Docker Compose setup allows you to run TravianZ without installing PHP, MySQL, or Apache directly on your system.

## Prerequisites

- Docker
- Docker Compose

## Quick Start

1. **Start the application:**
   ```bash
   docker compose up -d
   ```

2. **Access the installer:**
   Open your browser and navigate to:
   ```
   http://localhost:8081/install/
   ```

3. **Configure the installation:**

   When you reach the database configuration step, the form will be **automatically pre-filled** with the correct Docker values:
   - **Hostname:** `db` (Docker service name)
   - **Port:** `3306` (internal MySQL port)
   - **Username:** `travianz`
   - **Password:** `travianz_pass`
   - **Database name:** `travianz`
   - **Prefix:** `s1_` (or your choice)
   - **Type:** MYSQLi

   You can simply accept these defaults and continue with the installation.

   **Note:** Port `3307` is for accessing the database from your host machine (outside Docker), but the web container uses the internal port `3306`.

   For the server URL settings:
   - **Server:** `http://localhost:8081/`
   - **Domain:** `http://localhost:8081/`
   - **Homepage:** `http://localhost:8081/`

   When you reach the admin accounts step, the form will be **automatically pre-filled** with default credentials:
   - **Multihunter password:** `admin`
   - **Support password:** `admin`
   - **Admin name:** `admin`
   - **Admin email:** `admin@email.com`
   - **Admin password:** `admin`

   **IMPORTANT:** These are default development credentials. Change them immediately in production!

4. **Complete the installation:**
   Follow the web installer steps to complete the setup.

5. **Run post-installation cleanup:**
   After the web installation finishes, run the cleanup script:
   ```bash
   docker compose exec web docker-post-install.sh
   ```

   This script will:
   - Remove/rename the install directory
   - Set secure file permissions
   - Configure writable directories for game operations

6. **Access your game:**
   Your game is now ready at:
   ```
   http://localhost:8081/
   ```

## Stopping the Application

```bash
docker compose down
```

## Stopping and Removing Data

To stop the application and remove all data (including the database):
```bash
docker compose down -v
```

## Logs

View web server logs:
```bash
docker compose logs -f web
```

View database logs:
```bash
docker compose logs -f db
```

## Post-Installation Tasks

### Setting Up Cron Jobs (Optional)

TravianZ requires cron jobs for game mechanics like resource generation, troop movements, and building construction. You can set these up in two ways:

**Option 1: Using cron inside the container**
```bash
docker compose exec web bash -c 'echo "* * * * * php /var/www/html/GameEngine/cron.php" | crontab -'
```

**Option 2: Using host cron (recommended)**
Add to your host crontab (`crontab -e`):
```bash
* * * * * docker exec travianz_web_1 php /var/www/html/GameEngine/cron.php
```

### Securing the Admin Panel (Recommended)

The Admin panel at `/Admin` should be protected. You can use Apache's `.htaccess` or configure authentication:

```bash
# Create .htpasswd file inside the container
docker compose exec web htpasswd -c /var/www/html/Admin/.htpasswd admin
```

## Troubleshooting

### Database Connection Issues
Make sure the database service is healthy before accessing the installer:
```bash
docker compose ps
```

The `db` service should show as "healthy" in the status.

### Reinstalling
To reinstall from scratch:
1. Stop the containers: `docker compose down -v`
2. Remove the `var/installed` file if it exists
3. Start again: `docker compose up -d`

## Ports

- **Web Application:** http://localhost:8081
- **MySQL Database:** localhost:3307

## Default Database Credentials

- **Root Password:** `root_password`
- **Database:** `travianz`
- **User:** `travianz`
- **Password:** `travianz_pass`

## Customization

### Changing the Web Port
Edit `docker-compose.yml` and change the web service ports mapping:
```yaml
ports:
  - "8081:80"  # Change 8081 to your desired port
```

### Changing Database Credentials
Edit the environment variables in `docker-compose.yml` for both the `web` and `db` services.
